README.md, before:

# QuickByte

> NOTE: This project is designed to run only in UNIX/LINUX environment

## Project-Tree

```
QuickByte
├─ .github
│  └─ ISSUE_TEMPLATE
│     ├─ bug_report.md
│     ├─ custom.md
│     └─ feature_request.md
├─ .gitignore
├─ .replit
├─ app.py
├─ Backend
│  ├─ Build
│  │  ├─ QBbRebuildEngine.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Connections
│  │  ├─ QBcDBConnector.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Controllers
│  │  ├─ QBcrFormCreator.py
│  │  ├─ QBcrUserController.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Integration
│  │  ├─ Data
│  │  │  └─ FoodMenu.json
│  │  ├─ QBiLocationIDFetcher.py
│  │  ├─ QBiMenuFetcher.py
│  │  ├─ QBiRestaurantsFetcher.py
│  │  ├─ QBiStdAloneLocFetcher.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Logic
│  │  ├─ QBlOrderHandler.py
│  │  ├─ QBlOrderStatusEngine.py
│  │  ├─ QBlPaymentHandler.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Models
│  │  ├─ QBmAddressModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmAdminModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmLoadLocationID.py
│  │  ├─ QBmLoadMenu.py
│  │  ├─ QBmLoadRestaurantsByID.py
│  │  ├─ QBmNotificationModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmOrder2ItemModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmPaymentModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmUserModel.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Services
│  │  ├─ Email
│  │  │  └─ WelcomeEmailTemplate.html
│  │  ├─ QBsLogStorageManager.py
│  │  ├─ QBsWelcomeAlertSender.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  └─ __init__.py
├─ CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
├─ Config
│  ├─ AppConfig.py
│  └─ __init__.py
├─ Docs
│  ├─ QuickByte.docx
│  ├─ QuickByteGuide.pdf
│  └─ test.txt
├─ Frontend
│  ├─ Static
│  │  ├─ js
│  │  │  ├─ CartRenderer.js
│  │  │  ├─ GetAddress.js
│  │  │  ├─ GetOrders.js
│  │  │  ├─ ImageGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ MenuDetails.js
│  │  │  ├─ Navbar.js
│  │  │  ├─ OrderStatusTracker.js
│  │  │  ├─ OrderTracker.js
│  │  │  ├─ PaymentProcessor.js
│  │  │  ├─ ProfileSideBar.js
│  │  │  ├─ ProfileUploader.js
│  │  │  ├─ RestaurantGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ StatesDropdownGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ SupportDropDownGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ Swiper.js
│  │  │  ├─ UserLogin.js
│  │  │  └─ UserSignUp.js
│  │  ├─ Json
│  │  │  ├─ Dist_States.json
│  │  │  └─ Support_Issues.json
│  │  └─ styles
│  │     ├─ AddressDetails.css
│  │     ├─ Associate.css
│  │     ├─ Cart.css
│  │     ├─ FAQ.css
│  │     ├─ Help_Center.css
│  │     ├─ Home.css
│  │     ├─ Landing.css
│  │     ├─ Login.css
│  │     ├─ Menu.css
│  │     ├─ MyAddress.css
│  │     ├─ MyOrders.css
│  │     ├─ OrderStatusTracker.css
│  │     ├─ OrderTracker.css
│  │     ├─ Payment.css
│  │     ├─ Profile.css
│  │     ├─ Restaurants.css
│  │     ├─ Settings.css
│  │     └─ SignUp.css
│  └─ Templates
│     ├─ AddressDetails.html
│     ├─ Associate.html
│     ├─ Cart.html
│     ├─ FAQ.html
│     ├─ Help_Center.html
│     ├─ Home.html
│     ├─ Landing.html
│     ├─ Login.html
│     ├─ Menu.html
│     ├─ MyAddress.html
│     ├─ MyOrders.html
│     ├─ OrderStatusTracker.html
│     ├─ OrderTracker.html
│     ├─ Payment.html
│     ├─ Profile.html
│     ├─ Restaurants.html
│     ├─ Settings.html
│     └─ SignUp.html
├─ LICENSE
├─ poetry.lock
├─ pyproject.toml
├─ README.md
├─ requirements.txt
├─ setup.py
└─ Tests
   ├─ FoodMenuApiTest.py
   ├─ OrderStatusTester.py
   └─ __init__.py

```

## TECH-STACK

### Backend
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)](https://www.linux.org/)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)


### DataBase
![SQLite3](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)

### Frontend
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-239120?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)

## PRE REQUISITES

    1. Linux -- (VirtualMachine/WSL) 
    2. Python -- (Installed in Linux)
    3. other requirements/libraries will automatically be installed with setup script

## SETUP 

On App start-up run the below command to get the setup done for the APP automatically

 ```bash
 python3 setup.py
 
 # If asked sudo access 
 sudo python3 setup.py
 ```

## FETCH DATA

After running the setup, the app needs data to function.
We need to fetch data from the API to DB to get the Restaurants and Menu
details.

Go to [Travel Advisor API](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/travel-advisor)
> Get your API-KEY and store it in .env file -- path (QuickByte/Config/.env) 
```bash
# Run below script to fetch location IDs

sudo python3 Backend/Integration/QBiStdAloneLocFetcher.py
```
This will fetch the location IDs from the Travel Advisor API and store it in the SQLite database.

```bash
# Run below script to fetch Restaurants for each location

sudo python3 Backend/Integration/QBiRestaurantsFetcher.py
```
This will fetch the restaurant details for each location ID from the Travel Advisor API
and store it in the SQLite database.

## Run the APP Locally

-- Run the app with the below command

### Run Prod Server
```bash
python3 app.py --PROD <CORE_DEV>

# If asked for admin access 
sudo python3 app.py  --PROD <CORE_DEV>

# after this check localhost:8080
```

### Run Dev Server
```bash
sudo python3 app.py --debug

# If asked for admin access
sudo python3 app.py --debug

# after this check localhost:5000
```

for running PROD server, you should be part of CORE_DEV team

## Contribution

> Pull this repository
```bash
# If SSH/GPG keys added to GitHub
git clone git@github.com:TechHubHQ/QuickByte.git

# Else
git clone https://github.com/TechHubHQ/QuickByte.git
```

> Create two branches as below
```bash
git branch ACC_<USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>
git branch <USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>

# Example
git branch ACC_JOHN-DOE-1_Feature_Description
git branch JOHN-DOE-1_Feature_Description
```

> push the two empty branches first
```bash
git checkout ACC_<USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>
git push -u origin HEAD

git checkout <USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>
git push -u origin HEAD
```

> make Changes
```bash
git checkout <USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>

# make the code changes 
```

> Add the code to Staging
```bash
git gui

# Add only the relevant code files as per branch description in which the code is changes to staging area in gui
```

> Push the code to ACC_branch
```
# In git gui push the code into ACC_<USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>

# not onto master branch
```

> Create PR
```
# In GitHub create pull request with mentioning anyone of our team member for code review
```

## ISSUES/BUGS
> Please check out .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md or custom.md for submitting an issue

## Feature Request
> Please check out .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md for submitting as feature request

## Sample .env file

```vim 
# APIs

## LOCATIONS
LOC_API = "https://travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com/locations/search"
LOC_API_KEY = "your-travel-advisor-api-key"
LOC_API_HOST = "travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com"

## RESTAURANTS
REST_API = "https://travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com/restaurants/list"
REST_API_KEY = "your-travel-advisor-api-key"
REST_API_HOST = "travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com"

# Logs
APP_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
INTEGRATION_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
LOGIC_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
SERVICES_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
BUILD_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
MODEL_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
```

Commit message:

fix typo and add menu fetcher to readme

README.md, after:

# QuickByte

> NOTE: This project is designed to run only in UNIX/LINUX environment

## Project-Tree

```
QuickByte
├─ .github
│  └─ ISSUE_TEMPLATE
│     ├─ bug_report.md
│     ├─ custom.md
│     └─ feature_request.md
├─ .gitignore
├─ .replit
├─ app.py
├─ Backend
│  ├─ Build
│  │  ├─ QBbRebuildEngine.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Connections
│  │  ├─ QBcDBConnector.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Controllers
│  │  ├─ QBcrFormCreator.py
│  │  ├─ QBcrUserController.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Integration
│  │  ├─ Data
│  │  │  └─ FoodMenu.json
│  │  ├─ QBiLocationIDFetcher.py
│  │  ├─ QBiMenuFetcher.py
│  │  ├─ QBiRestaurantsFetcher.py
│  │  ├─ QBiStdAloneLocFetcher.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Logic
│  │  ├─ QBlOrderHandler.py
│  │  ├─ QBlOrderStatusEngine.py
│  │  ├─ QBlPaymentHandler.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Models
│  │  ├─ QBmAddressModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmAdminModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmLoadLocationID.py
│  │  ├─ QBmLoadMenu.py
│  │  ├─ QBmLoadRestaurantsByID.py
│  │  ├─ QBmNotificationModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmOrder2ItemModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmPaymentModel.py
│  │  ├─ QBmUserModel.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  ├─ Services
│  │  ├─ Email
│  │  │  └─ WelcomeEmailTemplate.html
│  │  ├─ QBsLogStorageManager.py
│  │  ├─ QBsWelcomeAlertSender.py
│  │  └─ __init__.py
│  └─ __init__.py
├─ CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
├─ Config
│  ├─ AppConfig.py
│  └─ __init__.py
├─ Docs
│  ├─ QuickByte.docx
│  ├─ QuickByteGuide.pdf
│  └─ test.txt
├─ Frontend
│  ├─ Static
│  │  ├─ js
│  │  │  ├─ CartRenderer.js
│  │  │  ├─ GetAddress.js
│  │  │  ├─ GetOrders.js
│  │  │  ├─ ImageGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ MenuDetails.js
│  │  │  ├─ Navbar.js
│  │  │  ├─ OrderStatusTracker.js
│  │  │  ├─ OrderTracker.js
│  │  │  ├─ PaymentProcessor.js
│  │  │  ├─ ProfileSideBar.js
│  │  │  ├─ ProfileUploader.js
│  │  │  ├─ RestaurantGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ StatesDropdownGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ SupportDropDownGetter.js
│  │  │  ├─ Swiper.js
│  │  │  ├─ UserLogin.js
│  │  │  └─ UserSignUp.js
│  │  ├─ Json
│  │  │  ├─ Dist_States.json
│  │  │  └─ Support_Issues.json
│  │  └─ styles
│  │     ├─ AddressDetails.css
│  │     ├─ Associate.css
│  │     ├─ Cart.css
│  │     ├─ FAQ.css
│  │     ├─ Help_Center.css
│  │     ├─ Home.css
│  │     ├─ Landing.css
│  │     ├─ Login.css
│  │     ├─ Menu.css
│  │     ├─ MyAddress.css
│  │     ├─ MyOrders.css
│  │     ├─ OrderStatusTracker.css
│  │     ├─ OrderTracker.css
│  │     ├─ Payment.css
│  │     ├─ Profile.css
│  │     ├─ Restaurants.css
│  │     ├─ Settings.css
│  │     └─ SignUp.css
│  └─ Templates
│     ├─ AddressDetails.html
│     ├─ Associate.html
│     ├─ Cart.html
│     ├─ FAQ.html
│     ├─ Help_Center.html
│     ├─ Home.html
│     ├─ Landing.html
│     ├─ Login.html
│     ├─ Menu.html
│     ├─ MyAddress.html
│     ├─ MyOrders.html
│     ├─ OrderStatusTracker.html
│     ├─ OrderTracker.html
│     ├─ Payment.html
│     ├─ Profile.html
│     ├─ Restaurants.html
│     ├─ Settings.html
│     └─ SignUp.html
├─ LICENSE
├─ poetry.lock
├─ pyproject.toml
├─ README.md
├─ requirements.txt
├─ setup.py
└─ Tests
   ├─ FoodMenuApiTest.py
   ├─ OrderStatusTester.py
   └─ __init__.py

```

## TECH-STACK

### Backend
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)](https://www.linux.org/)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)


### DataBase
![SQLite3](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)

### Frontend
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-239120?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)

## PRE REQUISITES

    1. Linux -- (VirtualMachine/WSL) 
    2. Python -- (Installed in Linux)
    3. other requirements/libraries will automatically be installed with setup script

## SETUP 

On App start-up run the below command to get the setup done for the APP automatically

 ```bash
 python3 setup.py
 
 # If asked sudo access 
 sudo python3 setup.py
 ```

## FETCH DATA

After running the setup, the app needs data to function.
We need to fetch data from the API to DB to get the Restaurants and Menu
details.

Go to [Travel Advisor API](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/travel-advisor)
> Get your API-KEY and store it in .env file -- path (QuickByte/Config/.env) 
```bash
# Run below script to fetch location IDs

sudo python3 Backend/Integration/QBiStdAloneLocFetcher.py
```
This will fetch the location IDs from the Travel Advisor API and store it in the SQLite database.

```bash
# Run below script to fetch Restaurants for each location

sudo python3 Backend/Integration/QBiRestaurantsFetcher.py
```
This will fetch the restaurant details for each location ID from the Travel Advisor API
and store it in the SQLite database.

```bash
#Run below script to fetch Menu details

sudo python3 Backend/Integration/QBiMenuFetcher.py
```

This will fetch the menu details for each restaurant ID from the static FoodMenu.json file

## Run the APP Locally

-- Run the app with the below command

### Run Prod Server
```bash
python3 app.py --PROD <CORE_DEV>

# If asked for admin access 
sudo python3 app.py  --PROD <CORE_DEV>

# after this check localhost:8080
```

### Run Dev Server
```bash
python3 app.py --debug

# If asked for admin access
sudo python3 app.py --debug

# after this check localhost:5000
```

for running PROD server, you should be part of CORE_DEV team

## Contribution

> Pull this repository
```bash
# If SSH/GPG keys added to GitHub
git clone git@github.com:TechHubHQ/QuickByte.git

# Else
git clone https://github.com/TechHubHQ/QuickByte.git
```

> Create two branches as below
```bash
git branch ACC_<USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>
git branch <USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>

# Example
git branch ACC_JOHN-DOE-1_Feature_Description
git branch JOHN-DOE-1_Feature_Description
```

> push the two empty branches first
```bash
git checkout ACC_<USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>
git push -u origin HEAD

git checkout <USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>
git push -u origin HEAD
```

> make Changes
```bash
git checkout <USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>

# make the code changes 
```

> Add the code to Staging
```bash
git gui

# Add only the relevant code files as per branch description in which the code is changes to staging area in gui
```

> Push the code to ACC_branch
```
# In git gui push the code into ACC_<USERNAME>-<BRANCH_NO_OF_USER>_<FEATURE/ISSUE_DESCRIPTION>

# not onto master branch
```

> Create PR
```
# In GitHub create pull request with mentioning anyone of our team member for code review
```

## ISSUES/BUGS
> Please check out .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md or custom.md for submitting an issue

## Feature Request
> Please check out .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md for submitting as feature request

## Sample .env file

```vim 
# APIs

## LOCATIONS
LOC_API = "https://travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com/locations/search"
LOC_API_KEY = "your-travel-advisor-api-key"
LOC_API_HOST = "travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com"

## RESTAURANTS
REST_API = "https://travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com/restaurants/list"
REST_API_KEY = "your-travel-advisor-api-key"
REST_API_HOST = "travel-advisor.p.rapidapi.com"

# Logs
APP_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
INTEGRATION_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
LOGIC_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
SERVICES_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
BUILD_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
MODEL_LOG_DIR = 'define-your-logs-path'
```
